charset,UTF-8
type,shell

name,Default Shell
craftman,Galla & WhatAPhantasia & Zichqec
craftmanw,Galla & WhatAPhantasia & Zichqec
craftmanurl,https://github.com/Zichqec/very_fast_snail

seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha,1

seriko.sticky-window,0,1,2

//Menu stuff

//Text color for options that you're not hovering over
menu.background.font.color.r,0
menu.background.font.color.g,0
menu.background.font.color.b,0

//Text color for options that you're hovering over
menu.foreground.font.color.r,255
menu.foreground.font.color.g,255
menu.foreground.font.color.b,255

//Text color for options that are disabled/grayed out
menu.disable.font.color.r,222
menu.disable.font.color.g,222
menu.disable.font.color.b,222

//Color of the separator bars
menu.separator.color.r,240
menu.separator.color.g,240
menu.separator.color.b,240

menu.background.alignment,righttop
menu.foreground.alignment,righttop
menu.sidebar.alignment,bottom

menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png

//Dressup stuff

sakura.menu,auto

//Trail
//sakura.bindgroup0.name,trail,default
//sakura.bindgroup0.default,1
//sakura.bindgroup0.name,trail,simplesludge

//Body paint
sakura.bindoption0.group,bodypaint,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup31000.name,bodypaint,Beige Basic
sakura.bindgroup31000.default,1
sakura.bindgroup31025.name,bodypaint,Mauve Basic
sakura.bindgroup32025.name,bodypaint,Mauve Cowprint

//Shell paint base
sakura.bindoption1.group,shellpaint,mustselect
sakura.bindgroup50000.name,shellpaint,Brown Basic
sakura.bindgroup50000.default,1
sakura.bindgroup50007.name,shellpaint,Purple Basic
sakura.bindgroup50050.name,shellpaint,Brown Chunky Stripe
sakura.bindgroup50057.name,shellpaint,Purple Chunky Stripe
sakura.bindgroup50100.name,shellpaint,Brown Single Swirl
sakura.bindgroup50107.name,shellpaint,Purple Single Swirl
sakura.bindgroup50150.name,shellpaint,Brown Radial Swirl
sakura.bindgroup50157.name,shellpaint,Purple Radial Swirl
sakura.bindgroup50200.name,shellpaint,Brown Pinstripe Swirl
sakura.bindgroup50207.name,shellpaint,Purple Pinstripe Swirl

//Decals
sakura.bindgroup55000.name,decals,Two Stripes
sakura.bindgroup55010.name,decals,Single Flame
sakura.bindgroup55015.name,decals,Big Flame

//Hardware
sakura.bindgroup65000.name,hardware,Red Spoiler
sakura.bindgroup65010.name,hardware,Saddle Bag
sakura.bindgroup65015.name,hardware,Sling Bag
sakura.bindgroup65020.name,hardware,Hot Rod Exhaust

//Hats
sakura.bindgroup75000.name,hats,Blue Party Hat
sakura.bindgroup75001.name,hats,Pink Party Hat
sakura.bindgroup75005.name,hats,Red Helmet
sakura.bindgroup75010.name,hats,Red Trucker

//Add-ons 
sakura.bindgroup80000.name,add-ons,Saddle
sakura.bindgroup80005.name,add-ons,White Bird Wings
sakura.bindgroup80010.name,add-ons,Red Bat Wings
sakura.bindgroup80015.name,add-ons,Red Tires
sakura.bindgroup80020.name,add-ons,Box Fan
